feat: Add debug output to MaxRecursionDepthError when debug header is set (#3070)
authzed/spicedb: CHANGELOG.md

- Added support for YAML-based validation files in the Language Server (https://github.com/authzed/spicedb/pull/3024)
- Enable statistics-based optimizations when `--experimental-query-plan` is enabled. (https://github.com/authzed/spicedb/pull/3052)
- Added missing implementations of cursoring for LookupResource, LookupSubjects and ReadRelationships calls in FDW (https://github.com/authzed/spicedb/pull/3016)

> - Added debug behavior to LookupResources that can help identify data cyles in LR calls (https://github.com/authzed/spicedb/pull/3070)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Support new `withDebug` flag in LookupResources calls to identify cycles (https://github.com/authzed/spicedb/pull/3070)
```
